---
category: general
post_to_socials: true
featured_image: '/images/blog_images/movingboxes.jpg'
title: Moving On
tags: life, australia, family, weather, season, autumn, moving, feelings
excerpt: In just over a week I'll be moving into my own house. It's a big deal and, in a way, signifies another milestone post-separation. I'm not too sure how I feel about it. There's part of me excited at the prospect of having my own place that I can decorate, upgrade, and effectively do whatever to without worrying. I'm also thankful that it's a three-bedroom property so both of the girls will have their own space. At the same time, however, there's a feeling of sadness and I think that's from knowing that things really have moved on.
---

In just over a week I'll be moving into my own house. It's a big deal and, in a way, signifies another milestone post-separation. I'm not too sure how I feel about it. There's part of me excited at the prospect of having my own place that I can decorate, upgrade, and effectively do whatever to without worrying. I'm also thankful that it's a three-bedroom property so both of the girls will have their own space. At the same time, however, there's a feeling of sadness and I think that's from knowing that things really have moved on. In a way, it's not a bad thing, it's all part of the process and is just another step towards wherever this path may be leading. Still, I feel like I'm going to have some complicated feelings once I stand in that apartment knowing I'm on my own.

### Rainy Days

We've finally started to have what feels like Autumn/Winter weather. Last few days have been rather wet and rainy but these are the days that make me feel most at home. I've gotten used to the hot summers to the point where, apart from the really hot or humid days, I get by without too much fuss. However, what I like the most about where I am is that we do get distinct seasons and provide a nice respite, particularly if we have a rather hot Summer. This year wasn't too bad but Summer did linger longer than normal which meant the cold mornings didn't really kick in till last month and only now are we starting to get some good rainy days. That said, it's not been fun for those in regional NSW and on the coast as [flooding there](https://www.abc.net.au/news/2025-05-23/nsw-flood-deaths-weather-system-tracking-south/105325192) has already cost lives. The weather is due to subside by the end of the weekend so hopefully things will improve not long after.

### Looking Ahead

Much of what's coming up is dominated by my house move. I'm looking forward to buying some more furniture as I'll have a bit more space than I currently do. I have a sneaking suspicion, however, that one or both of my fridge and washing machine may be too big for the spaces allocated. That's on me as I didn't measure and, to be honest, was more concerned about getting a three-bedroom property. Dancing for the girls has been a theme recently too with both of them changing a few things around with some classes being dropped altogether. I'm hoping with a bit of a reduction, at least in the short-term, will help both of them as at times it felt they could do with a bit of a break.

Beyond that, life continues as normal. Work in the weeken, kids for the weekend and then football (soccer) on Sunday. It's a routine I enjoy and whilst the football results haven't gone our way recently I've still enjoyed playing and isn't that the most important thing?
